A program to organize Reaction Pictures using a tagging system specially made for this kind of usage.
I'm to lazy to add proper descriptions to every commit until the program is at least in a working state. Once it is, I'll add proper descriptions to every commit.

I'll also eventually clean up the code, but since I am not too familiar with the Electron framework yet I have to test around a lot to get things working, hence the code will be somewhat unclean for now.
Once all the important things are done I'll make the code far cleaner.

TODO:

    nexttodo: use mtime for timeAdded instead of current timestamp
1.  filter options (eg. only certain filetypes)
2.  refresh button to change for directory changes
    when changes are done while program is off, check changes on startup
    If pictures are missing from directory and there are new ones, check if they've been renamed using hash
3.  Selection feature to add/remove tags from multiple pics at once
4.  Built-in updater
5.  Drag into window to open details page

For after important stuff is done:

  Settings!
12. If all else is done and I get no other ideas by now and some people actually would use it -> Cloud functionality!
    Really only if people would use it.
    1. Account system
    2. Registration
    3. Login
    4. Ban System (in case people upload bullshit or spam with the intention of annoying others) (based on network interface MAC address https://github.com/scravy/node-macaddress)
    5. Functionality to share own reaction pics and download the pics others uploaded
    6. Comment System (At this point I practically made my own booru image system)
    7. Friend/Subscription System to get notifications if they added more pics to the cloud
    8. Report system
    9. If people use cloud system and userbase gets bigger, request system if someone wants a certain pic

    NOT needed in cloud functionality:
    Messaging system, rating system
    Supposed to be a cloud to share reaction pics and memes, not a social platform

Done: Use folders instead of importing pictures, tag them automatically based on subfolders
      Use video as thumbnail; play only when on screen
      Context Menu
      Detail page (except exclude)
      Tagging-system
      Tag-search




Testers: tobi, captchakid, silverrhythm, reycall, nico
